It was the best of times, it was the worst of times.
All happy families are alike; each unhappy family is unhappy in its own way.
Alas, poor Yorick! I knew him, Horatio.
Call me Ishmael.
It was a dark and stormy night.
I'm going to kill myself, said Ambrose Bierce.
Mrs. Dalloway said she would buy the flowers herself.
A sound came out of the darkness — a frightful, indescribable sound.
So we beat on, boats against the current, borne back ceaselessly into the past.
You don’t know about me without you have read a book by the name of The Adventures of Tom Sawyer; but that ain’t no matter.
“Haleakala,” said theoldest Hawaiian on the island, “is the house of the sun.”
All this happened, more or less.
It was a pleasure to burn.
There was a man named Guy Montag, and fire was his job.
We didn't start the fire.
Everything was bluethen, my kid, blue shadows and blue smoke.
It was a bright cold day in April, and the clocks were striking thirteen.
If you really want to hear about it, the first thing you’ll probably want to know is where I was born, and what my lousy childhood was like, and how my parents were occupied and all before they had me, and all that David Copperfield kind of crap, but I don’t feel like going into it, if you want to know the truth.”
I am an invisible man.
I am a sick man... I am a spiteful man. I am an unattractive man.
In this respect, I did not differ from millions of other fictitious characters created by other fictitious writers.
You better not never tell nobody but God.
I was born twice.
There was me, that is Alex, and my three droogs, that is Pete, Georgie, and Dim, and we sat in the Korova Milkbar.
It was a queer, sultry summer, the summer they electrocuted the Rosenbergs, and I didn’t know anybody named Rosenberg and wasn’t elected but I was sore as hell.
The last time I saw my father, he was washing his hands in the bathroom sink of a Greyhound bus.
There's a bluebird in my heart that wants to get out but I pour whiskey on him.
You don’t have to live forever, you just have to live.
We the animals crouched in our cages, waiting.
It was probably the color of the sea that decided me.
All children, except one, grow up.
You’ll have to come a long way with me, dear reader, before you hear that again.
Whether I shall turn out to be the hero of my own life, or whether that station will be held by anybody else, these pages must show.
It was the best of times, it was the worst of times, it was the age of wisdom, it was the age of foolishness.
In an old house in Paris that was covered with vines lived twelve little girls in two straight lines.
There was a boy called Eustace Clarence Scrubb, and he almost deserved it.
My father’s family name being Pirrip, and my Christian name Philip, my infant tongue could make of both names nothing longer or more explicit than Pip.
It was a dark and stormy night; the rain fell in torrents, except at occasional intervals, when it was checked by a violent gust of wind which swept up the streets.
“You fancy yourself obedient, don’t you, slave?” She looked up into the cold Hardwick eyes.
As Gregor Samsa awoke one morning from uneasy dreams he found himself transformed in his bed into a gigantic insect.
Marley was dead: to begin with.
There was no possibility of taking a walk that day.
It was a queer, sultry summer, the summer they electrocuted the Rosenbergs, and I didn’t know anybody named Rosenberg